Only send an ACK if Ack-eliciting packets have been received (#303)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

Prior to receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame, endpoints send acknowledgments as
specified in {{Section 13.2.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

> After receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame and the data receiver updating its

Author: ```suggestion
After receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame and the data receiver updates its
```

> After receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame and the data receiver updates its
> max_ack_delay and Ack-Eliciting Threshold values ({{ack-frequency-frame}}), it

Reviewer: Wording
```suggestion
After receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame and updating its
max_ack_delay and Ack-Eliciting Threshold values ({{ack-frequency-frame}}), the data receiver
```
